[Music]
Hey
how's it going Dave 2d here I hope I'm
in a frame I can't even see the screen
of this phone I obviously I'm not
filming in my office this is just at
home I want to shoot something just
during the holiday break
thank you so much for million
subscribers I appreciate it so much like
I can't thank you
all the new people that subscribe the
original people people that like watch
me out of love the people that hate
watch me at any matter I appreciate
every single one of you guys when you
start YouTube at least for me you don't
really think of a goal of like a million
subscribers is not one of the goals that
I personally got it was just not even in
the radar and then over the course of
this year like it's just it happened and
it's just thank you so much I really
appreciate it I thought I'd just make a
little like montage of stuff that I've
experienced over the past three years I
got to experience because of you guys
okay my name is Dave - D this is Dave -
Dave - D is the Dave - D this is Dave -
D this is the worst idea ever - my
husband Steve I mean you're scaring
people in this video
[Music]
I know it seems pal silly to make a
thank you video after 150 subs but
seriously I never thought this channel
automat to anything I didn't think I'd
have any subs I just did this for fun so
it's super cool to have people on board
that are interested in the stuff I'm
making I'm about to hit 2,000 subs or
maybe by the time this thing gets
published I will be over 2,000 but that
is that is just awesome to me I mean to
me that means that 2,000 people actually
care about the videos I am putting out I
can't even express in words just how
appreciative I am for the support that
you guys have given me over the past ten
months because it takes I mean I put a
lot of effort into these videos a lot I
mean some of these videos take like 15
sometimes 20 hours to bang went out and
like I do it because I really give a
about these videos I spend way too
much time on them my wife thinks I'm
crazy and my friends think I'm nuts my
work suffers heavily because of this
YouTube channel but I do it because you
guys are awesome the community that
we've built over the past 10 months is
just like phenomenal he has basically
turned a channel that had zero
subscribers last year in January of 2015
I had zero subscribers into something
that is such a big part of my life now
and like
you guys are to thank for it thank you
so much we've made this community that's
just awesome and every time I get to
make a video and share it with you guys
it's just it's the best thing in the
world
thanks a lot so yeah if you like my
video like it if you want to sub so now
I know you're thinking you know Dave 2d
you have one video and I've already seen
it so why am i subbing so you know how
sometimes you hear about that guy who
bought Apple stock at like 10 bucks now
you can be that guy
[Music]
you